Fixed markdown syntax in Python serving README.md (#5206)
knative/docs: code-samples/serving/hello-world/helloworld-python/README.md

   cd app
   ```

> 2. Create a file named `app.py` and copy the following code block into it:

Reviewer: AFAIK the numbers shouldn't need to be specifically called out like this, we should be able to use `1.` for each of them, which is easier for future maintenance: https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#lists-1

At https://github.com/knative/docs/tree/main/code-samples/serving/hello-world/helloworld-python it looks like it only caused rendering issues because of the broken `=== "kn"` bits, etc. Please leave this as `1.`

## Deploying the app

  After the build has completed and the container is pushed to Docker Hub, you
   can deploy the app into your cluster.

### yaml

>  1. Create a new file, `service.yaml` and copy the following service
>     definition into the file. Make sure to replace `{username}` with your
>     Docker Hub username or with the URL provided by your container registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. Create a new file, `service.yaml` and copy the following Service
    definition into the file. Make sure to replace `{username}` with your
    Docker Hub username or with the URL provided by your container registry:
```

  ```yaml
    apiVersion: serving.knative.dev/v1
    kind: Service
    metadata:
      name: helloworld-python
      namespace: default
    spec:
      template:
        spec:
          containers:
            - image: docker.io/{username}/helloworld-python
              env:
                - name: TARGET
                  value: "Python Sample v1"
  ```

 2. Ensure that the container image value in `service.yaml` matches the container
 you built in the previous step. Apply the configuration using `kubectl`:

 ```bash

>  kubectl apply --filename service.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 kubectl apply -f service.yaml
```

 ```

### kn

> 1. With `kn` you can deploy the service with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create the Service by entering the command:
```

 ```bash
 kn service create helloworld-python --image=docker.io/{username}/helloworld-python --env TARGET="Python Sample v1"
 ```

>  This will wait until your service is deployed and ready, and ultimately it
>  will print the URL through which you can access the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the Service is ready, the URL for the Service is printed in the terminal output.
```

   > Note: If your URL includes `example.com` then consult the setup instructions for
   > configuring DNS (e.g. with `sslip.io`), or [using a Custom Domain](https://knative.dev/docs/serving/using-a-custom-domain).

### kubectl

```bash
kubectl get ksvc helloworld-python  --output=custom-columns=NAME:.metadata.name,URL:.status.url
```

 Example:

 ```bash
 NAME                      URL
 helloworld-python    http://helloworld-python.default.1.2.3.4.sslip.io
 ```

### kn

   ```bash
   kn service describe helloworld-python -o url
   ```

   Example:

   ```bash
   http://helloworld-python.default.1.2.3.4.sslip.io
   ```

   Now you can make a request to your app and see the result. Replace the following URL
   with the URL returned in the previous command.

   Example:

```bash
curl http://helloworld-python.default.1.2.3.4.sslip.io
Hello Python Sample v1!

# Even easier with kn:
curl $(kn service describe helloworld-python -o url)
```

   > Note: Add `-v` option to get more detail if the `curl` command failed.

## Removing

To remove the sample app from your cluster, delete the service record.

### kubectl

```bash

> kubectl delete --filename service.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl delete -f service.yaml
```
